Update plugin contribution docs (#713)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/plugins/_index.md

weight: 5
---

> Mattermost plugins are isolated pieces of code, separate from the main repositories, used to extend the functionality of the Mattermost server and webapp. Plugins are written in Go and/or React. The Go portions run directly on the Mattermost server, and are managed by the server at runtime. The React portions run in each user's browser, allowing developers to modify the user interface in [several ways](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost plugins are isolated pieces of code written in Go and/or React. They're separate from the main repositories and are used to extend the functionality of the Mattermost server and webapp. 

- The Go portions run directly on the Mattermost server, and are managed by the server at runtime. 
- The React portions run in each user's browser, allowing developers to modify the user interface in [several ways](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices).
```

Reviewer: Not sure whether the formatting will carry over to the actual content but easily remedied if not. Also, 0/5 on whether it should be bulleted or a separate paragraph.

> The plugin Help Wanted tickets are located in each plugin's respective GitHub repository. In order to browse all of the open tickets, see the plugin [Help Wanted tickets](https://mattermost.com/pl/help-wanted-plugins) page with links to specific plugin repositories, as well as queries for Help Wanted tickets in all repositories. The "All Plugins Up for Grabs" link there is useful to browse all repositories at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin Help Wanted tickets are located in each plugin's respective GitHub repository. In order to browse all of the open tickets, see the plugin [Help Wanted tickets](https://mattermost.com/pl/help-wanted-plugins) page with links to specific plugin repositories, as well as queries for Help Wanted tickets in all repositories. The [All Plugins Up for Grabs](https://github.com/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-agenda+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-antivirus+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-autolink+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-aws-SNS+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-custom-attributes+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-oembed-plugin+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-giphy+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-github+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-gitlab+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-google-calendar+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-jenkins+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-jira+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-msoffice+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-solar-lottery+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-suggestions+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-todo+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-webex+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-welcomebot+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-zoom+repo%3Amattermost%2Fmattermost-plugin-msteams-meetings+is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20label%3A%22up%20for%20grabs%22%20) link is useful to browse all repositories at once.
```

Reviewer: I couldn't find that link easily so figured best to add it here.

Author: @justinegeffen Until we have a permalink to that link I'm not sure if we want link directly (because we will be adding more plugin projects as time goes on). Probably fine to use that link for now :+1:
